[CFX-5253] Add telemetry documentation (#681)
datarobot-oss/cli: docs/development/telemetry.md

> [!NOTE]
> The entire telemetry system is subject to change. This document reflects the current implementation but should not be treated as a stable API contract.

## Configuring and disabling telemetry

Telemetry is enabled by default. Users can disable it at any time via any of the three methods below (listed in order of precedence — higher precedence wins):

| Method               | How                                          |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Flag                 | `dr --disable-telemetry <command>`           |
| Environment variable | `DATAROBOT_CLI_DISABLE_TELEMETRY=true`       |
| Config file          | `disable-telemetry: true` in `drconfig.yaml` |

To disable telemetry permanently, add the key to your config file:

```yaml
# ~/.config/datarobot/drconfig.yaml
disable-telemetry: true
```

The `--disable-telemetry` flag is a [universal flag](flags.md) — it is forwarded to plugin subprocesses as the `DATAROBOT_CLI_DISABLE_TELEMETRY` environment variable, so plugin commands respect the same setting.

> When telemetry is disabled, events are logged to the debug logger (visible with `--debug`) instead of being sent over the network. No data leaves the machine.

Reviewer: hey, this says "no data leaves the machine", but root.go collects common properties before the IsEnabled() check, so GET /api/v2/account/info/ still fires on a cache miss even with --disable-telemetry. scope this to "no telemetry events are sent to amplitude"?

Author: Yeha, that's more precise.

Author: updated in 279e5eb

> When telemetry is disabled, events are logged to the debug logger (visible with `--debug`) instead of being sent over the network. No data leaves the machine.

Author: ```suggestion
When telemetry is disabled, events are logged to the debug logger (visible with `--debug`) instead of being sent over the network to Amplitude.
```
